TESSA: There are moments in our
lives that seem to define us.
Moments we keep going back to.
My life before him
was so simple and decided.
And now. after him.
there's just...
After.
(DOG BARKING)
CAROL: Tessa!
(SIGHS)
Okay. what are we forgetting?
Hair dryer?
No.
Flashlight.
(CHUCKLES) Mom. it's college.
It's not a survival course.
Towels. battery charger.
phone charger...
I can always drive anything
up if you forget it.
Okay. we should get going.
We have a long drive ahead.
TESSA: Okay. Let's do a
last-minute room check.
Oh. wait.
Mom.
Thanks. baby.
Get me to the sunshine
I wanna see the water
with my own eyes
You know I like that
Yeah. I like that
Get a taste of the good life
Go a little wild on the inside
And never look back
You know I like that
I wanna feel
feel something good
Feel something good
Feel. feel something good
We're on the right floor.
B-22...
B-22.
Twenty-two.
Hey.
Hi.
Um...
Steph?
In the flesh.
I'm Tessa.
Hey. it's my new roomie.
This is Tristan.
Hey.
Hi.
I'm Tessa.
Come in. We're not gonna bite.
Sorry. So. this is my mom.
and this is Noah.
Hello.
Hi.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Full disclosure.
I was pretty bummed to be
paired with a freshman.
but then I thought.
"Hello. bright side.
"I'm gonna be your spirit guide."
(CHUCKLES)
We can get you into
all the best places.
even without a fake.
No problem.
Mom.
I like your sweater.
Thanks. I got it from The Gap.
(GIRLS GIGGLING)
Cute.
We're going straight down to
the housing office right now
and requesting a room change.
What are you talking about?
That room reeked of... Can
you please not make a scene?
I'm not.
We have worked too hard for this...
Okay.
And I don't want you
to be distracted by anyone.
Mom. this is me that we're
talking about.
Can you please just trust me?
It will be fine. I promise.
I promise.
MAN: Guys. Wait up.
The house is gonna be
so empty without you.
I know. I'll miss you.
Oh. God. I am so proud of you.
Thanks. Mom.
Okay. I love you.
my baby.
I'm going. See you later.
Bye.
I got it.
This is the part I've been dreading.
Me too.
I was actually talking about
the ride home with your mom.
(LAUGHING)
Mmm. Okay.
How much did I
freak your mom out?
Um...
She thinks I'm gonna be
a bad influence?
She's just very protective.
It's always only been
the two of us.
No. No thanks.
See? Seems like she has
nothing to worry about.
Your brother's cute.
Oh. you mean Noah?
No. he's my boyfriend. (CHUCKLES)
Sorry.
No. it's okay.
He's a senior in high school.
(CELL PHONE CHIMES)
That's Tristan.
I'm supposed to meet her.
What's with all the old books?
Who brings books to college?
Me. I guess.
The bookish vibe.
I like that.
All right. I'm out.
Okay. Bye.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Hi.
Hey.
Econ 101?
Yeah.
(DOOR RATTLING)
It's locked. Yeah.
(LAUGHS)
I already tried it.
Right.
(CHUCKLES)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(SIGHS)
Couple of early birds. huh?
Have fun in there.
Oh.
Sorry. After you.
After you.
No. no...
Honestly. I insist.
No. I insist.
No. honestly...
No. my mother raised me to...
Okay.
Are you in first year. too?
Yeah.
Are you an econ major?
That's the plan. You?
I'm an English major.
I'm Landon. by the way.
Tessa. Hi.
Hi. nice to meet you.
ALEXANDER: Good morning.
I'm Professor Alexander.
and welcome to Econ 101.
This might be the most
important class you take here.
so I expect everyone here
to closely pay attention
and benefit from the 25-year
career I had on Wall Street.
Now. let's get started.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
(SIGHS)
Oh.
Uh. excuse me?
Uh. I think that
you're in the wrong room.
I'm in the right room.
How did you even get in here?
Okay. Can you please
go out into the hall
so I can get dressed?
Don't flatter yourself.
I'm not looking.
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
You took your time.
There they are. Hey. Tessa.
Hi. Uh...
Can you please
ask your boyfriend
to leave so I can
get dressed?
STEPH: Uh... Not my boyfriend.
What did you say to her?
Nothing.
I've been minding my own business.
Okay. well. whoever he is...
You're going out
with us tonight.
Yeah. I don't know.
I'm trying to picture
this one at a party.
Just not seeing it.
You're not gonna
stay in here forever. right?
Nope.
The Great Gatsby.
It's a good book.
I'd hate to spoil it...
But it was all a dream.
Actually...
It was all a lie.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
MOLLY: Hello. Can I
get a cappuccino
with almond milk
and cinnamon on top?
Sure thing. I'll have a
regular black coffee. please.
And for you?
ZED: Can I have an Americano. please?
BARISTA: No prob.
Thanks.
MOLLY: You're such a player.
Now pick it up nicely.
Thank you.
MOLLY: You're picking us
all up. right. Zed?
ZED: When am I picking you guys up tonight?
MOLLY: I don't know. 8:00?
ZED: We're raging tonight!
(DOOR CLOSES)
Guess what?
Shh.
We're gonna go
to a party tonight.
(WHISPERING) I don't know.
You're going.
Don't you want to have fun?
(STUDENT SHUSHES)
You shh.
Yeah. of course I do.
Then grab your shit.
Steph.
Okay.
Let's get ready to party!
I put my shoes on first
Rock down the street
in reverse
I paint a face on the clouds
What do you think?
What?
It's pretty.
Maybe it's just...
A little too formal?
You said be myself.
You know what? I love it.
I love it.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
This is gonna get crazy.
GIRL: Hey!
Hey. what's up?
STUDENTS: Chug. chug. chug!
Ooh. Chug. chug. chug.
STEPH: There's my baby.
Hey. I'm not done.
Hi. Tessa.
Hi.
I need things to be
way less in focus.
(LAUGHTER)
Do that again. do it again.
ZED: Do it again? I'm dying over here.
(ALL GIGGLING)
I've lost my touch.
STEPH: Hey. guys.
This is my new roommate.
Tessa.
This is everybody.
(GIGGLING)
Nice to meet you.
ZED: My name is Zed.
STEPH: You've met Hardin.
That's Molly.
Hey.
Wanna sit down?
Cute dress. (LAUGHS)
Oh. Yeah. and that's Jace.
the townie.
What's up?
What's your major. Tessa?
Um. I'm thinking business
or maybe economics.
Very cool.
You want a drink?
I don't really drink.
ZED: Come on. we're all drinking.
Just have a drink.
JACE: Do it. Come on.
Just a small one.
Oh. my God. Steph.
where'd you find this girl?
No one's talking to you.
Whoa!
ALL: Yes!
ZED: That was good.
TRISTAN: Babe. kiss.
JACE: Cheers to that.
You okay?
TRISTAN: Babe.
Ooh. baby.
STEPH: You're so pretty.
Okay. so. um. guys...
Truth or dare.
ZED: What?
No. no!
MOLLY: Come on.
Isn't this a kids' game?
(LAUGHING)
Not the way we play.
Hey. Tessa. truth or dare?
Truth.
Craziest place
you've had sex?
Um... Pass.
Why? It's an easy one.
Wait.
Are you a virgin?
(MOLLY CHUCKLES)
I'll do a dare.
ALL: Dare. Wait. is
she really a virgin?
I dare you to
make out with Hardin.
MOLLY: She won't do it.
JACE:
This never ends well.
Do you want to do this?
JACE: You having fun. Molly?
I'm done playing this game.
(JACE SCOFFS)
MOLLY: Sucks to suck!
(LAUGHTER)
I like this girl.
Oh. Hardin Scott
got his first rejection.
JACE: Denied. bro.
(LINE RINGING)
Hey.
NOAH: Hey. Thought we were gonna FaceTime.
Yeah. sorry.
NOAH: Where are you right now?
It's really loud.
Um...
I'm with Steph
and her friends.
but they're all just. like...
I don't know.
NOAH: So. uh. you're at a party?
Have you been drinking?
I just had one drink.
NOAH: Okay. so you go
to college and now you drink.
That's really great. Tessa.
Noah. can you
not be so. like...
NOAH: "So. like" what?
I'm not the one
who's out partying right now.
Just forget it.
NOAH: Tessa. I wanna...
(LINE DISCONNECTS)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
My bad.
What are you doing?
Hmm?
Nothing.
You looking for something?
Are you drunk?
I don't drink.
Just like you don't.
(SIGHS)
"He's more myself than I am.
"Whatever our souls
are made of..."
"his and mine are the same."
It's Brontë. Theresa.
I know it's Brontë.
And my name is Tessa.
What are you doing
in my room. Tessa?
Your room?
Yes.
Are we still playing?
'Cause I think
you owe me a dare.
(SIGHS)
Wait.
I can't.
I need to go.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
MAN: I've got this. Look. look. look.
Here we go. Ready?
Oh! Good shot. right?
MAN 1: You got this.
MAN 2: All right. all right.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Hi.
Hey.
I'm glad I'm not the only
freshman in this class.
Yeah. I'm psyched I got in.
Yeah.
All right. folks.
Let's get started.
Jane Austen's masterpiece.
Who in here has already read
Pride and Prejudice?
And what did you think of it
on the first read?
Let's hear from our newcomer.
Mr. Scott.
HARDIN: Pride and Prejudice?
Elizabeth Bennet
needs to chill.
(STUDENTS CHUCKLE)
She gave Darcy a way
worse time than he deserved.
SOTO: Are you saying that Darcy
was not in love with Elizabeth?
Love is just a transaction.
We're all hardwired
to desire.
We present the correct set
of desirable traits. and boom.
We can turn it on. and
we can turn it off.
Yes. Miss. um...
Young. Tessa.
I think that it was the most
revolutionary feminist novel
that I'd ever read.
That a woman of that era would
have the strength to reject Darcy
when he treated her poorly.
That's a load.
(STUDENTS MURMURING)
HARDIN: It was Darcy's
very attitude
that attracted
Elizabeth to him.
Darcy's attitude was rude
and mocking.
I think that he was lucky
to be with a woman
with as much integrity
as Elizabeth.
The only reason he even
asked her to marry him
was she wouldn't
stop throwing herself...
Throwing herself at him?
He was pursuing her. She's clearly
not satisfied with her life
and is looking for excitement
wherever she can get it.
Well. I think that it's
obviously all in his head
that she had any feelings
for him at all.
Well. there you have it.
That's the power
of a good book.
That was exciting.
No. it was annoying.
I enjoyed it. Look.
whatever you're thinking.
don't.
Nothing happened between us.
okay? I have a boyfriend.
Us? I thought we were talking
about Pride and Prejudice.
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
Hey. Uh...
Do you want to
go get some coffee?
How can someone
be so arrogant?
Oh. "Elizabeth Bennet
needs to chill."
Like. who even...
Who even says that?
That's just Hardin
being Hardin.
You know him?
Yeah.
We're. uh...
We're practically related.
My mom is dating
Chancellor Scott.
Chancellor Scott
is Hardin's dad.
And Hardin and I.
we tolerate each other.
but barely.
His father's the chancellor?
Yeah.
Listen. Tessa.
he's just trying
to get a reaction.
(SCOFFS) Well. he's not
gonna get one from me.
Hmm. hmm.
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
It actually does hurt.
You should get one.
My mom would
literally kill me.
You need to get this.
I bet she'd love that one.
Yeah. dice.
I feel like my mom has
everything planned out for me.
Like. I think she's been
planning my wedding to Noah
since we were five.
Wait. is Noah the only dude
you've ever gone out with?
That's sad.
Ooh. Ouch!
Watch it.
Yeah. you guys really
aren't selling me on this.
(LAUGHS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(SHUSHES)
TRISTAN:
You look so good tonight.
(GIRLS GIGGLING)
TESSA: Can I get
a small coffee. please?
(ACOUSTIC MUSIC PLAYING)
BARISTA: Here you go.
Yeah. Thanks.
Hi.
I can't stay away from you.
What?
Well. we're gonna
see each other.
I'm friends with Steph.
and you're roommates.
Tessa. let's just
start over.
Just reset. and we can be...
What. friends?
Well. why not?
I want to show
you something.
So. show me. then.
It's a... It's a place.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
I think that it's better
if we keep our distance.
(CHUCKLES)
I'll see you around.
HARDIN: It's down this way.
Come on.
Welcome to
my favorite place.
It's beautiful.
How about a swim?
Hmm?
What are...
TESSA: What are you doing?
I'm going swimming.
(SCOFFS)
Hardin.
(CHUCKLES)
Come in.
You can wear my t-shirt.
It feels amazing.
A little privacy?
Please?
Okay.
What?
I like it better on you.
(GIGGLES)
(TESSA LAUGHING)
Can I ask you something?
Do I even have a choice?
Who do you love the most
in the world?
Easy.
Myself.
(TESSA SIGHS)
Of course you do.
(CHUCKLES)
What's your boyfriend's name?
It's Noah.
Noah. Does he go here?
He's in high school.
High school?
And what does a high school
kid do to deserve you?
He is nice to me.
Nice.
Isn't that just another
word for boring?
Ugh.
Not always.
HARDIN: Can I
show you something?
Hold your breath.
The silence.
It's peaceful.
You think that's weird.
No.
Not at all.
I thought that you just
wanted to be friends.
I don't think we can
ever be just friends.
(CHUCKLES)
(TESSA GASPS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Have you never
been touched before?
Why did you stop?
We've got time.
So. why do you
call them chips?
Why do you call them fries?
'Cause they're fried.
They're not French.
You've got plenty there!
(LAUGHING)
Um. I ordered mine
without ketchup.
Oh. right. I'll be right back.
Thank you.
No ketchup.
That's very un-American.
I'm full of surprises.
So. what's your story then?
My story?
Yeah. Like your...
Your family.
How you ended up here.
I'll pass.
I just don't think asking a
bunch of arbitrary questions
about someone's past is really
gonna tell you who they are.
I can find out who you are by sitting
here and spending time with you.
What?
What are you doing?
I'm just waiting for you
to reveal your true self to me
by just sitting here and
spending time with you. (LAUGHS)
WAITRESS: Here you go.
Thank you.
Okay. fair enough.
One question.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Why do you have all those romance
novels if you don't believe in love?
Who says I
don't believe in love?
You did. in Soto's class.
(CHUCKLES)
True.
(LAUGHING)
Maybe don't believe
everything I say. then.
(LAUGHING)
Oh. Hey. guys.
Hey. Tessa.
Guys.
Let's just hang out
for a minute.
So. what have
you two been up to?
We were just. um...
We're just getting some food.
How's the boyfriend. Tess?
We're leaving.
Perfect. I need a ride.
It's not a good time.
You can ask Zed for a ride.
Dude. we literally
just got here.
Excuse me.
You're excused.
All right.
Tessa?
Really?
Yes. I won't be long.
I'll be at the bar.
ZED: See you around.
What's up. bro?
So. fill us in.
What was that?
What was what?
Were you. like. embarrassed
that they saw us together?
No.
You know. I am going to tell
Noah about us. I just...
Us?
What do you mean. "Us"?
If you want to dump Mr.
High School then go ahead.
but don't do it
on my account.
What?
Look. it was fun.
but I don't date.
Are you actually kidding me?
You're here.
(EXHALES)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
What are you dreaming about?
(GASPS)
Surprise!
What...
What are you...
What are you doing here?
How are you?
Thank you.
You okay?
Yeah!
No. yeah. yeah. of course.
Okay. Yeah.
Thank you.
So. what are we gonna do?
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey. it's Tessa.
JACE: What's up. Tessa?
Hey.
MAN 1: Hi.
MAN 2: Hi.
We... I think
we met at the dorm.
ZED: So. he does exist.
Nice to meet you.
What's up. man? Zed.
How's it going? Good.
Tessa.
Here you go.
Thanks.
The cops will probably
be here soon. so...
NOAH: Should we...
Should we get out of here?
MOLLY: Hey. Tessa.
Didn't expect to see you here.
So. how about we play
a game of suck and blow?
ZED: Suck and blow. I'm down.
MAN: Okay. I got it.
MAN: Yes.
JACE: Guess you know
what that means.
No. no. I'm...
Dude. dude. dude.
Dude. don't go there.
all right?
JACE: Chill out. man.
it's just a game.
Hey. man.
she doesn't have to.
Relax.
Okay. relax.
NOAH: No. no.
MAN: No. I'm...
Hey!
(GRUNTING)
MAN: Hey. hey! Get off!
You're gonna regret this.
MAN: Dude. Come on.
What are you doing?
What are you doing. man?
Hardin. Hardin.
STEPH: Hardin.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER ON TV)
(SIGHS)
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Hey. Thanks for coming.
What happened?
Uh...
Well. it started
about his father.
and then your name
sort of came up.
He won't talk to me. so...
I figured maybe
he would talk to you.
Where is he?
What are you doing here?
I was worried about you.
Shouldn't you be with your perfect
little boyfriend. Theresa?
Don't bring Noah into this.
I thought you didn't drink.
I don't.
I didn't.
What does it matter?
You made a real mess in there.
I was celebrating.
Didn't you hear?
Dear old Dad
is getting married.
You should see the dump my poor
mom lives in back in London.
Don't you feel like
you've had enough?
(SHATTERS)
(SIGHS)
Don't.
I can get it.
Ah. Damn it.
Come with me.
I'm sorry
for how I treated you.
Um...
If... If you don't date.
if that's how you feel...
I don't think
that is how I feel anymore.
I'm a mess.
I think that
we're both a mess.
You don't ever
have to cover up.
not for me.
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(EXHALES)
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
Where were you? I texted you.
you didn't answer me.
I'm sorry. my...
My phone died. I'm sorry.
Where were you?
A friend needed my help.
In the middle of the night?
Noah. I can explain.
Can we...
Please. can we just... Can
we just go inside and talk?
I...
(SNIFFLING) Noah.
I don't believe this.
No. Noah.
Noah. wait.
Noah. I'm...
I'm confused.
I've wanted to talk to you
about it for a while.
I am so. so sorry.
(ENGINE STARTS)
Noah.
HARDIN: Tessa.
Go home. Hardin.
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
Noah and I just
broke up.
I feel like I just
lost my best friend.
Come over here. Come on.
I didn't expect to see you.
When my dad left...
I was 10.
He left us with nothing.
And my mom. she just...
Sort of fell apart.
I had to take care
of her alone.
But...
Noah was there for me.
you know?
I hate myself
for what I did to him.
Tessa. it's not your fault.
Yeah. it is.
Noah is my best friend.
But you...
You're so much more.
GUARD: Library's closing.
Library's getting
ready to close.
Library is closing.
Follow me.
Hmm?
Come on.
What are...
Down here.
Shh.
(DOOR CLOSES)
"You could draw me to fire.
you could draw me to water.
"you could draw me
to the gallows.
to any death.
"you could draw me to anything
I have most avoided.
"This and the confusion
of my thoughts.
"so that I am fit for nothing.
"is what I mean
by your being the ruin of me."
Why'd you stop?
We should go.
Hey! What are you doing here?
Stop!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
And perhaps the most
mesmerizing of all systems
is the binary
star phenomenon.
Two stars find their way across
vast stretches of space and time
to find another wandering body
and become attached
for eternity...
...in each other's orbit.
each star pushing the other
to explode in supernova...
Becoming either the nucleus
of a planetary nebula
or. just as often. resulting
in the death spiral...
HARDIN: What are you doing.
Tessa?
Learning about the stars?
TEACHER: The stars assist
in each other's destruction.
HARDIN: Do you have any idea how
beautiful you are right now?
What are you always
writing in there?
None of your business.
(SIGHS)
Show me.
No. (CHUCKLES)
Come on.
Not a chance.
I just want to see what's...
Ugh.
Tessa. hon?
I've called all day...
Tessa?
Mom?
What are you doing here?
What the hell is going on?
Nothing.
Who's he?
Is he the guy
Noah told me about?
So. this is how you spend your
time. instead of going to class?
TESSA: No!
I think I should go.
You think?
Can we talk about this outside?
Please? Please?
You. go.
Come with me.
You have got to be kidding me.
I knew as soon as I saw that roommate
that something like this would happen.
TESSA: Are you
serious right now?
I mean. and after
all this work
and you are going
to throw it away for some boy.
What are you talking about?
I'm not.
You're going to break up
with this boy.
and you are going to focus
on your schoolwork.
Do you even know what it has been
like. trying to be perfect for you?
Having you mold my life into the
way that you wanted it to be?
I did it for your own good.
I am so. so sorry. Mom.
that your life didn't work out
the way that you wanted it to.
I really am.
But this is my life and you
have to let me live it.
Is that really what you want?
Yes.
If I leave now.
you're cut off.
He's gonna break your heart.
LANDON: She's cutting you off
because of Hardin?
I'm just a little
worried. is all.
Why?
Hardin is...
Hardin is complicated.
Yeah. I know. but...
He's different around me.
Just be careful.
HARDIN: You okay?
Yeah. Where have you been?
(CHUCKLES)
Jump in and I'll show you.
(TESSA GIGGLES)
You ready?
Yes.
Are you sure?
Yes!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Whose place is this?
Friend of my father's.
A professor.
Where are they?
She's in Italy.
All year.
I'm meant to be
watering the plants.
Ooh. she paints.
It's really nice.
Imagine if it were our place.
Sure.
It can be.
What. you mean like.
live together?
(CHUCKLES)
When you told me your mom was going to
cut you off. I had to do something.
We can stay here
for the rest of the year.
Just you and me.
You did this for me?
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Here.
Mmm-hmm.
"You're going to bring
out the best in others."
(BOTH GIGGLING)
HARDIN: Check out that one.
It looks a bit like you.
This is crazy.
HARDIN: I still
can't believe it.
Hmm? Believe what?
That you're mine.
Not this again.
I don't deserve you.
Nothing could ever change
the way that I feel about you.
HARDIN: I cannot believe
you've talked me into this.
TESSA:
It's a wedding reception.
It's not a jail sentence.
Hey.
Hey. You guys made it.
Yeah.
You look beautiful. Tessa.
Oh. thank you.
Hey. you clean up well. man.
This is so fancy.
Yeah. it's beautiful.
So we're brothers.
Yeah.
You must be really happy
for your mom and Ken.
Yeah. Yeah. I am.
I'll see you two in there.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
This looks so good.
Look who's here.
It's good to see you.
You too.
And you must be...
Tessa.
I'm Karen. I'm Landon's mom.
Hi. It's so nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
It means a lot to me
that you could be here.
Congratulations.
KEN: Thanks for coming.
I'm happy you
decided to join us. son.
Landon tells us you're in
Professor Soto's seminar.
Yeah.
So. you're an English major?
Um. I would love to. but I think
if I want to be employed.
maybe business or econ.
If you're interested in the
business side of literature.
my friend owns
a publishing company.
HARDIN: You mean Vance?
KEN: Yes.
Well. I can call Vance for her.
Of course.
I'm sure he'd be
happy to hear from you.
(SIGHS)
Ken. the Dean has arrived.
Come on. I think
we should go say hi.
Enjoy.
Nice meeting you.
Yeah. you too.
Let's just have fun.
I can't.
Why not?
You made me promise
to be on my best behavior.
(GLASS CLINKING)
KEN: Thank you all for coming.
Tonight we celebrate
a great good fortune.
And her name is Karen.
The love of my life. and...
And frankly.
she saved my life.
I'm suddenly blessed
by a new bride. a new life.
and not one.
but two brilliant sons.
Hardin and Landon.
I remember an earlier time.
when my greatest pleasure
was to listen to Hardin.
who loved to recite passages
from novels. all by memory.
And he would perform them.
leaving me with tears...
That's not the man
I grew up with.
KEN: Or laughter...
My father was a drunk.
KEN:...and sometimes both.
And nothing more.
(SIGHS) At least he's trying.
KEN: I don't think he had any idea
just how important
those moments were to me.
Which is more than
my father ever did.
People change.
Clearly.
It still doesn't change
what happened.
What happened?
And I look forward
to earning that role.
One night.
when I was eight...
My dad was at the pub.
Drunk. as usual.
He messed with the wrong guys.
They came to our house
for payback.
He wasn't there.
They found my mom instead.
I tried...
I tried to fight them off.
but I couldn't.
KEN: Thank you. my friends.
family...
And that's my dad.
...and university faculty.
The beloved
Chancellor Scott.
KEN: So let's have fun.
(GUESTS APPLAUDING)
I don't suppose you recall
any of those passages.
Not the way you remember it.
I would love to have a dance
with your brilliant son.
I want you now.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTS)
Do you want me to stop?
No. Just go slow.
"Car."
It was "cat."
Do another one.
Uh...
Mmm. that one is...
I have no idea.
I'm really good at this. Yeah.
Okay. just do one more.
I promise I'll get it.
(CHUCKLES)
Um...
Mmm.
I don't know.
What was it?
I'm gonna stay up late
and work on that.
And then I'll... I'll text you.
I'll just see you. Yeah.
Hey.
How's it going? I haven't seen
you since. like. the bonfire.
Yeah. I've been busy.
I guess.
How's it going with you
and your boyfriend?
Uh. we're not
together anymore.
Ouch.
Bye-bye. High School.
Yeah. it was
pretty painful.
I can tell you
moved on pretty quickly.
How's Hardin?
What do you mean?
He told me you guys
have been hanging out.
Yeah. We have.
Cool.
Really?
Yeah. I mean.
Hardin does what Hardin does.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
(SIGHS)
What's wrong?
What's all this about?
What didn't you tell me?
Nothing. I don't know
what she's talking about.
You don't know what she's talking about?
I mean. I don't know.
What didn't you tell me?
Nothing!
I need to go. What? Now?
Hardin. answer me.
Where are you going?
Out.
What's going on?
Do you trust me?
Of course I do.
Then what's the problem?
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(COUGHS)
What are you
doing in Hardin's car?
What. I can't borrow his car?
Jace. just tell me
where he is.
Maybe he's at Blind Bob's.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
Oh. my gosh! Hey!
What's the matter?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
You want some fries?
Are you hungry?
I haven't seen you
since you moved out.
Um...
I've been living with
Hardin off campus.
Wait.
You two are living together?
Yeah.
Wow. Tessa. I didn't know
you two were that serious.
Yeah. we are.
STEPH: How long has this
been going on for and...
Look who I found.
Hey. Jace. Hey. Hardin.
JACE: What's up?
What's up. Tessa?
I got you.
Tessa.
Hi. Hardin.
Tessa was just
telling us the latest.
Tessa's been filling us in
on all the details.
Moving in together.
And you guys are so adorable.
Is there anything
you want to tell Tessa?
Yeah. like what's been
going on between you and her?
Nothing's going on
with me and her...
I don't believe you.
What have you said?
Tessa. I swear... What... I saw
the texts that she sent you.
They didn't mean anything.
I didn't even reply to them.
They meant nothing.
You've got to be kidding me.
HARDIN: Tessa.
nothing's going on.
Don't you think this thing
has gone a little too far?
What thing. Hardin?
Something's going on.
but it's not what you think.
Molly. shut up.
Tessa...
Let's get out of here.
and I'll explain.
I'll explain everything.
I promise.
Remember truth or dare?
What?
Molly. don't.
Molly!
TESSA: (ON VIDEO)
I'm done playing this game.
JACE: I like this girl.
MOLLY: Looks like Hardin Scott
just got his first rejection.
You lot don't think
I can make it happen?
MOLLY: Make what happen.
Hardin?
HARDIN: Here's a dare.
Make her fall in love with me.
And then...
I'll just...
(SNAPS FINGERS)
Turn it off.
It was all a game.
HARDIN: Tessa?
Tessa.
Tessa. please.
You have to believe me.
Tessa. that was
before everything.
Before I got to know you.
(SOBBING) Is that true?
(SOBBING)
And all of you knew?
(ECHOING) Tessa.
(HIGH-PITCHED RINGING)
(INAUDIBLE) Tessa. wait.
Tessa. wait. Tessa!
So. what exactly
did you tell them. then?
Nothing.
None of it was real.
I actually thought...
I thought that...
You're just a liar.
That was all before.
Before what?
Before...
You snapped your fingers.
and you turned it off?
You said nothing could change
the way you felt about me.
Then I guess we're both liars.
Hi. Mom.
What happened?
I don't really
want to talk about it.
I just...
I came here to say
that I'm sorry.
I'm...
I'm sorry too.
I love you.
(SIGHS)
So. how come you're back?
I just needed to come home.
I'm so sorry. Noah.
I never meant to hurt you.
Yeah. I know.
I guess I just never saw
any of this coming.
Yeah. but...
That's. like.
the point. right?
We. like... We change
and we discover who we are.
I think that's okay.
Yeah?
Yeah.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
SOTO: On a parting note.
I was deeply impressed
by all of your papers
attacking our themes for this
semester.
Congratulations on all of your
good work.
Good job.
Ms. Young.
This is what Hardin turned in.
I think it was actually written
more for you than it was for me.
Thank you.
(SIGHS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
What is that?
TESSA: Um...
A secret spot.
And a good place to think.
HARDIN: "I've read hundreds
of novels in my life.
"most of them claiming that love
was the center of the universe.
"that it could heal
any damage inside of us.
"that it was what we need
to survive.
"From Darcy to Heathcliff.
I thought they were fools.
"that love
was something fictional.
"only found in worn pages
of a book.
"But that has all changed
"since I met my Elizabeth Bennet.
"I never thought
I would find myself
"completely and utterly
consumed by another. until her.
"She took my hand
"and led me
out of the darkness
"and showed me that whatever
our souls are made of...
"Hers and mine are the same.
"I'm sorry.
"Please forgive me.
"You once asked who I
loved most in this world.
"It's you."